# PRIVACY-POLICY
Privacy Policy  Thank You For Using Our Services/Apps/Games. We Respect And Value Your Privacy Concerns. In Order To Provide Better Services/Apps/Games, We Might Collect Some Of Your Information And This Privacy Policy Describes What Information We Collect And How We Use/Process It. By using, downloading, installing and/or accessing our services/apps/games, you accept this privacy policy.  How We Use The Information - We May Use Your Information For The Purpose Of Providing, Delivering, Protecting And/Or Improving Our Services/Apps/Games. Some Of Your Information (Such As Your Name, Country Etc.) Might Be Posted On Global Leaderboards/Online Scoring System And Will Be Visible To Other Users Of Our Services/Apps/Games. We Also Might Use Your Information For Google Analytics, Flurry Analytics To Better Understand Your Interest And Serve You Better.  Information We Collect - Your Information Will Be Collected On The Basis Of Your Input And/Or Automatically. We Collect Your Name, IP Address, Device Model Number, Device User Agent, Location Information, Advertising Id (Android/Ios), Device Id (Windows Phone), Imei (Feature Phones), Installed Apps And/Or Any Other Information That May Be Collected By Third Parties (Such As Ad Networks). We Do Not Collect Any Information That You Have Saved On Your Mobile Device Such As Contacts And/Or Appointments. Some Of Information Is Not Mandatory To Provide Us, So You Have The Option To Provide Us Or Not.  Contest Mode - From Time To Time, We Run Contest Inside Our Games/Apps/Services. If You Choose To Enter Into Contest Mode, We'll Store Your Name, Score And Email Id Added On Your Device And Might Contact You For Prize Distribution. If You Do Not Enter Contest Mode, Your Email Address Is Not Stored.  Third Party Advertising - Some Of Our Services/Apps/Games Are Supported By Third Party Ad Networks That Serve Advertisements Within Our Services/Apps/Games. These Adnetworks Send Advertisements And Links To Your Device And That Will Appear In Our Services/Apps/Games. When Our Services/Apps/Games Request Such Advertisements, Some Of Your Information (Such As Your IP Address, Location Information, Device User Agent, Advertising ID, Device ID Etc) Is Transferred To Us And These Third Party Ad Networks.  Changes To This Privacy Policy - This Privacy Policy May Be Revised From Time To Time. Please Visit Our Privacy Policy Page Frequently To Stay Aware Of Changes. Your Continued Use Of Our Services/Apps/Games Will Signify Your Acceptance Of The Changes To This Privacy Policy.  Information About Children - This Apps  Does Not Sell Products Or In-Apps To Children And Does Not Knowingly Collect Personal Information From Children. We Sell Products For Children To Adults. If You Are Under Age Of 13, You May Use Our Apps With The Involvement Of A Parent Or A Legal Guardian.
